Skip to content
SEARCH SITE
Lone Rock School District
EXPLORE
TRANSLATE
LONE ROCK SCHOOL DISTRICTDISTRICT INFORMATIONEMPLOYMENT
Employment

Current Employment Positions Available:

Openings for the 2026-2027 School Year

Classified Positions:

Special Education Paraprofessional

If selected, an FBI Fingerprint Background Check will need to be completed. ALL New Hires are required to submit a W-4, Form I-9, fingerprints AND a check for $30, made out to the Department Of Justice.

District Employment Applications.

HR Employment Forms

We are always looking for substitute teachers! Current openings are -

bus driver substitutes (the district will reimburse bus subs for costs associated with certification and training)

classroom teacher substitutes

custodial substitutes

kitchen substitutes

office staff substitutes

para professionals substitutes

If interested, please fill out the application below and send it to Teresa Weems - tweems@lonerockschool.org

Substitute Teacher

Substitute Application

All successful employment and substitute applicants (and some volunteers) must submit to a current background check before you begin working.

School Board policy states that Lone Rock School does not accept previous background checks submitted from other institutions.

Click here for information about who is required to submit to a background check.

****If you didn't work in this district as a substitute last year, you are considered a new applicant and must complete the application process again****

All wages and benefits are in accordance with the District policy, handbooks and collective bargaining agreements.

Vacation leave, sick leave, and health benefits are available to eligible employees.

All Human Resources Forms Are Located Here

For all VOLUNTEERS:

You must read this handbook and submit the applicable paperwork.

Please contact the Lone Rock School administration, for more information.

Equal Employment, Equal Education

Equal Employment Opportunity and Non-Discrimination

The District will provide equal employment opportunities to all persons, regardless of their race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, age, ancestry, marital status, military status, citizenship status, use of lawful products while not at work, physical or mental disability, if otherwise able to perform essential functions of a other legally protected categories.

Equal Education, Nondiscrimination and Sex Equity

The District will make equal educational opportunities available for all students without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, ethnicity, language barrier, religious belief, physical or mental handicap or disability, economic or social conditions, or actual or potential marital or parental status. No student, on the basis of sex, will be denied equal access to programs, activities, services, or benefits or be limited in the exercise of any right, privilege, or advantage, or denied equal access to educational and extracurricular programs and activities.

Find Us

Lone Rock School District
1112 Three Mile Creek Road
Stevensville, MT 59870
Phone: 406.777.3314
Fax: 406.777.2770

Lone Rock School is located in the heart of the Bitterroot Valley, tucked up against the Sapphire Mountains.
We opened in 1885 and have been in continuous operation since. We are a Title I school and our student enrollment hovers around 250, with about 22 students per grade.
Our staff is dedicated to providing a healthy and enriching learning experience, in a very "family" setting.

Stay Connected

"We at Lone Rock School, in partnership with the community, strive to empower ourselves with knowledge and become respectful contributing citizens."

Copyright © 2026 Lone Rock School District. All rights reserved.
Powered By Apptegy
Visit us to learn more
