Skip to content
SEARCH SITE
Big Sky School District
MENU
TRANSLATE
BIG SKY SCHOOL DISTRICTDISTRICT INFOEMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
EMPLOYMENT
Join Our Team!

Big Sky School District 72 has approximately 350 students pre-K-12, with 104 in the high school, 92 in grades 6-8, and 156 students in grades 4K-5. The school district is known for its high academic standards, kind and caring educators, supportive PTO and parent community, and outstanding student body. The best part of the job are the district’s students, who are kind, caring, and principled.

Living in Big Sky

Big Sky is located in southwest Montana, halfway between Bozeman and West Yellowstone.  The school campus is situated along highway 191 just west of the Gallatin River.  Our classrooms have spectacular views of the Gallatin Range, the Gallatin River, and Porcupine Basin.  Recreational activities including hiking, downhill and cross country skiing, rafting, fishing, camping, and hunting are right outside the school doors.  Our students and staff are fortunate to have access to many of these experiences through school sponsored activities including ski days, expeditions, and class field trips.

The community of Big Sky offers many amenities including retail stores, great restaurants, grocery stores, a movie theater, banks, hospital, dentist, hardware and auto parts stores and so much more.  Bozeman is only 45 miles away and offers an even wider range of options and big box stores.

Supplemental housing could be available. 

Current Openings
Teaching
High School Science Teacher
Elementary Curriculum
District Staff
Bus Drivers
Guest Teachers
Applications
Bus Driver Application
Certified Application
Classified Application
Guest Teacher Application
Find Us

Big Sky School District
45465 Gallatin Road
Gallatin Gateway, MT 59730
Phone: 406-995-4281
Fax: 406-995-2161

Quick Links
Infinite Campus
Order Transcripts
BSSD Tech/Maintenance Requests
Stay Connected
Copyright © 2026 Big Sky School District. All rights reserved.
Powered By Apptegy
Visit us to learn more
