Skip to content
Counselor
Library
Infinite Campus Portal
Teachers' Wish Lists
SEARCH SITE
White Sulphur Springs Schools
MENU
TRANSLATE
SIGN IN
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS SCHOOLSDISTRICTEMPLOYMENT
Our Mission

White Sulphur Springs Schools, with the support of parents and the community, will provide quality educational opportunities in a safe, positive atmosphere. Working together we will assist all students in becoming responsible, educated citizens and life-long learners.

Academics
Benefits
Community
Dedication

Academics and Activities go hand in hand.

Academics are first priority. Research has shown that students who participate in activities tend to have higher grade point averages, better attendance records, and fewer discipline problems.

The benefits of the small school atmosphere.

There exists in the small school a sense of pride, and an attitude and sense of personal possession and involvement on the part of students, parents, teachers, administrators, and community residents.

We believe in creating community leaders.

At White Sulphur Springs Schools, we understand the importance of community. This is why we strive to instill in our students the concept of leadership and developing a strong community-mindset.

At White Sulphur Springs Schools

We are dedicated to working together to assist students in becoming responsible, educated citizens and life-long learners. We are committed to providing quality educational opportunities in a safe and positive atmosphere.

Current Openings

Counselor

Secretary

Bus Driver

JH/HS Coaching- VB, JH Boys Basketball

Music

Application Information

The district application and materials required for a complete application packet can be found by clicking on the links below.

Background Check Notice Applications

Certified Application For Employment

Classified Application For Employment

Coaching Application

White Sulphur Springs School District does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex or disability in providing educational services, activities, and programs, including vocational programs, in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended: Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972: Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.

Find Us

White Sulphur Springs Schools
405 S. Central Avenue P.O. Box C
White Sulphur Springs , Montana 59645
Phone: (406) 547-3751
Fax: (406)547-3922

Stay Connected
Copyright © 2026 White Sulphur Springs Schools. All rights reserved.
Powered By Apptegy
Visit us to learn more
