Skip to content
Welcome Back! 26-27
Job Openings
Free/Reduced Meal Application
Cat Chat
26-27 School Calendar
August Newsletter
SEARCH SITE
Plentywood Schools
MENU
TRANSLATE
PLENTYWOOD SCHOOLSEMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
Current Openings
Plentywood School District is a 4-day school week for the 2026-27 school year.  Plentywood has a competitive pay scale, accepts full years of experience, and offers a one-time moving stipend/signing bonus of $2,000.00 upon completion of hire.  New hires may also be eligible through the Quality Educator Loan Assistance program through OPI.  Plentywood is a great community with solid community support and high academic standards. It is a great place to live and raise a family!
Classified Positions available (as of July 13,2026)Plentywood School has the following classified jobs available immediately 1. Assistant Cook  2. Activities Bus Driver 3. Substitute Teachers 4. Paraprofessional
Employment Opportunities
How to Apply

Please send a completed district application (click link below to download), a resume, three letters of recommendation, copy of current MT teaching license (for certified positions), and a letter of interest to Nate Olson, Superintendent or call 406-765-1803 for more information.  All applicants must be able to pass a background check at the school's expense. 

 Submit completed applications to

Plentywood School District #20
Attn: Nate Olson, Superintendent
100 E. Laurel Ave.
Plentywood, MT 59254

nate.olson@plentywood.k12.mt.us

Office phone:  (406)765-1803
Fax: (406)765-1195

Certified Teacher Application

Email Superintendent

Non-Teaching Application

About Plentywood
Our Community

The town of Plentywood, MT has a K-12 school district delivering educational services to the community.  Plentywood is the county seat of Sheridan County and is home to approximately 1,732 people.  Plentywood is located in the northeast corner of Montana and has served as a trading post for the people living in that part of the state.  Plentywood is in a rural area whose commerce centers on the family farm and ranch.  Recently the economy has been boosted by oil exploration in the neighboring Bakken reservoir.  At the site of present-day Plentywood, Sitting Bull and his Sioux people surrendered to the U.S. Army after living in Canada for five years.  The Outlaw Trail crossed into Canada north of Plentywood.  Rustlers moved their stolen cattle and horses along this passage across the border.  Butch Cassidy named the trail and established a rest station in the Big Muddy Valley west of Plentywood.

Plentywood is home to the largest high school in Sheridan County.  A new school building was constructed on the previous site after a fire destroyed most of the original building in the early 1990’s.  The Plentywood K-12 school district has an elementary, middle, and high school all located in town.  The district enrollment has shown a steady decline over the last decade.  During the 2022-23 school year, 249 students were enrolled in grades K-8 and 115 were enrolled in high school.  The district has 18% of the total enrolled students eligible for the free and reduced meal program.  The Plentywood district employed 31 full-time equivalent (FTE) teachers for the 2022-23 school year.  Plentywood is classified as a Class C school district for participation in the Montana High School Association activities program.

Our Schools

Fully accredited by the State of Montana and the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools (NAAS) since 1924, Plentywood Schools are noted for their fine academic programs, up-to-date technology and textbooks, and an excellent faculty.  The average class size for grades K-8 is 14.  The average class size for grades 9-12 is 14.  The student to teacher ratio is 12:1.

Plentywood Schools offer a wide variety of academic, vocational, and fine arts programs.  Included in those programs are English, mathematics, science, social studies, health enhancement, foreign language, family and consumer sciences, vocational and practical arts, technology and business education, instrumental and vocal music, and art education.  Such programs allow Plentywood students to meet the state’s university admission requirements.  In addition, special academic programs are available for students from pre-school age through grade 12.  Such special programs involve special education, speech therapy, occupational therapy, physical therapy, Response to Intervention (RTI) and Title I services.

The Plentywood community is extremely proud of the quality level of education that Plentywood Schools has to offer.  Plentywood seniors consistently score above the state and national averages on the American College Test (ACT) and a majority of the students consistently score in the proficient level of the Smarter Balanced Assessment each year.  The Plentywood 7-8 school was honored with the No Child Left Behind—Blue Ribbon School award in 2003 by President Bush and the Plentywood K-6 school was honored as a Blue-Ribbon School by President Obama due to the consistent high scores on aptitude tests they administer.  Plentywood has been recognized for its Title I program nationally and also for its Response to Intervention (RTI) program at the state level.

Plentywood School’s graduation rate is near 100%, and its drop-out rate is about 1% over the last ten years.

Plentywood School students are encouraged to participate in co-curricular activities as part of their educational experience.  As a member of the Montana High School Association (MHSA), Plentywood Schools offer men’s football, women’s volleyball, men’s and women’s cross-country, speech and drama, men’s and women’s basketball, men’s and women’s track and field, men’s and women’s cheerleading, men’s and women’s golf, men’s and women’s wrestling, and men’s and women’s music competitions.

Other activities open to all students include FFA, FCCLA, BPA, Student Council, National Honor Society, Pep Band, Jazz Band, Annual, Pep Club, Academic Olympics, Intramural Sports, Science Club, Mathematics Competitions, and Senior Class Play.

Over the last decade:  56% of Plentywood High School graduates matriculated to 4-year colleges or universities, 24% matriculated to 2-year institutions, and 20% selected work, military service, or technical instruction.

Plentywood High School’s mascot is the Wildcat and our colors are orange and black.

Find Us

Plentywood Schools
100 E. Laurel Ave.
Plentywood, MT 59254
406-765-1803 phone
406-765-1195 fax

Schools
Plentywood Schools
Nondiscrimination Statement
Stay Connected
Copyright © 2026 Plentywood Schools. All rights reserved.
Powered By Apptegy
Visit us to learn more 
